# Data Infrastructure & Governance Subcommittee Workshop @ Annual Meeting 2024

[« Return to Annual Meeting 2024](/annual-meetings/2024/) or [AP090(1) homepage](./) or [AP090 homepage](/)

Join the inaugural meeting of the new Subcommittee on Data Infrastructure and Governance to learn about and help shape the subcommittee's mission! This workshop will begin with brief introduction and overview of the subcommittee's mission and definitions, followed by small-group breakout discussions to generate guidance for the subcommittee and start digging into the work we need to do.

## Event Details

- **Date:** Tuesday, January 9th, 2024
- **Time:** 10:15am–12:00pm
- **Location:** Marriott Marquis, Independence Salon C (M4)

## Pre-Workshop Social Hour

Chat with members and friends of the AP090(1) subcommittee at the [Transit Data Social Hour](./social-hour) the night before the workshop!

## Workshop Agenda

| Time    | Activity                                                                                                  |
|---------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 10:15am | <h3>Welcome</h3> <ul><li>Attendee Survey</li><li>Agenda</li></ul>  |
| 10:30am | <h3>Introduction to subcommittee charter</h3><ul><li>Mission</li><li>Goals</li><li>Expectations for vendor/consultant engagement</li></ul>  |
| 10:40am | <h3>Scopes of work</h3><ul><li>What governance encompasses: <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/soo-huey-yap-566b8715/">Soo Huey Yap, Director of Strategic Performance and Data Management @ MARTA</a></li><li>What infrastructure encompasses: <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/themightychris/">Chris Alfano, CEO @ Jarvus Innovations</a></li><li>How to follow or get involved</li></ul>  |
| 10:50am | <h3>Breakout group discussions</h3><p>Split up into mixed groups to discuss and take notes on:</p><ul><li>What challenges are transit agencies facing?</li><li>What learnings from relevant work do you have to share?</li><li>How could this community of practice best help your agency?</li><li>How might the subcommittee charter be improved?</li><li>Anything else that seems relevant</li>  |
| 11:20am | <h3>Breakout group readouts</h3><p>Each group will get time to share their top takeaways and discussion points out to the rest of the room.</p>  |
| 11:50am | <h3>Wrap up</h3><ul><li>Attendee Survey!</li><li>What's next</li><li>Calls to action</li></ul>  |
